Pe 832 support drives and folders (#6)
ardriveapp/ardrive-bats-docker: README.md

```docker cp . ardrive-cli-bats:/home/node/ardrive-cli ```

> Now you will have you local environment loaded into Docker. You do not need to run ```yarn && yarn build ```again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you will have your local environment loaded into Docker. You do not need to run ```yarn && yarn build ```again
```
